Good morning, Hank . It's Thursday, January 4th .  I'm standing on top of Little Pisgah Mountain in North Carolina . That was actually recorded on Wednesday, January 3rd, but you'd have no way of knowing .  I believe that's what they call movie magic !  Hank, in your last video you asked me to continue our discussion of our differences . I think one of the most important differences between us is that you are excellent at living in a way that's commensurate with your values whereas I am not .  Uh, for instance, I didn't recycle until I watched An Inconvenient Truth, and I'm still sorta iffy on it .   And also, uh, I didn't vote   in 2000 . Even though I could have voted in Florida .  Ah, George Bush !  It's all my fault ! God, I'm so stupid !  Ohhh .  Let's change the subject . Also, we have vastly different happy dances .    Yes !  Well, I noticed that in your last video you completely ignored my  " Eat Five Sheets of Toilet Paper While Discussing the Political Situation in Nepal "  challenge .  Let's just admit that that was some awesome pronunciation .  And if you're not going to eat five sheets of toilet paper while discussing the political situation in Nepal, well, I'm going to .  All right, Green, you better do this in one take because it's not gonna be fun .    The thing about the political situation in Nepal is that there are these Maoist rebels who control more than half of the country .  Who has Maoist rebels any more ? Ugh .  No .    I can't do it, Hank .  I think this stuff is two-ply, too . I think that was part of the problem because if you get the one-ply stuff, I can just oghomamamam - just down that - but this stuff ?  Oomph .  Oh and by the way, I have great news ! Brotherhood 2 . 0 viewer, Peter, just had a baby .  Well actually his wife had the baby .  She was in labor for 32 hours ! I'm thinking maybe we should get them a baby present .  A- What, what do you call a baby present ?  A baby-warming present ? Baby .  .  .  shower .  .  .  baby .  .  .  baby .  .  .  A baby present .  I was thinking maybe we could let Peter pick a project or challenge for us ? What do you think ?                 
Good morning, Hank . It's Monday, January 8th .  Sarah and I are about to drive out of Asheville, on our way to Birmingham, Alabama . I know you're gonna be here soon, but in the meantime I thought you should enjoy how pretty it is .  We're going down the dirt road on the way to the other dirt road that leads away from Mom's house .   And Dad's house ! Sorry Dad !  Jeez .  I would like to congratulate you on successfully completing the Strawberry Hill challenge, except that you didn't complete it ! Drinking Sutter Home wine when you've been challenged to drink Strawberry Hill is like slow dancing with Teddy Ruxpin when you've been challenged to wrestle a grizzly bear .  Sutter Home may be terrible, but at least it's derived from grapes .  Strawberry Hill isn't made out of grapes . It's made out of strawberries .  Just kidding, it's made out of apple wine, malt, red dye, and the fires of hell .  Hank, as you know, I had surgery on my mouth a few weeks ago . After they sewed my gum back into my mouth, my mouth tasted like cement and blood and burnt meat .   And you know how after any dental procedure they make you drink that, like, green, gross, minty alcoholy stuff and then spit ?  Strawberry Hill, it tast- *achoo*   That was the Yeti ! Strawberry Hill tastes exactly like that spit .    Do you think I'm funny ?  Am I trying too hard ?  When ? The whole time ?  Teddy Ruxpin ?  It's just you get that way around the camera . So Hank, today is a very significant day, and I'll tell you why .  It's January 8th and the first draft of my new novel is due on January 21st .  Now, I'm not a mathematician, but I know a couple, so I called Daniel Biss and he told me that January 21st is only 13 days away . Aside from the problem of actually finishing the book, which is, admittedly, a pretty serious problem, there's the problem that it doesn't have a title .  I would feel a lot better if I actually had a title for the novel so that I could say, you know, in ten days I have to turn in the first draft of my new novel, The Babysitter's Club 26: Claudia's Sad Goodbye .  I've been thinking of using either Shakespeare or the Bible . You've got a lot of great Shakespearean titles over the years, like:  " Infinite Jest " ,  " The Dogs of War " ,  " Brave New World " ,  " In Cold Blood "  .   And there are also a lot of great Bible titles like:  " East of Eden " ,  " Song of Solomon " , or  " Rich Dad, Poor Dad "  .  Of course in the Biblical version of Rich Dad Poor Dad, rich dad gets turned into a pillar of salt and, uh, poor dad is exalted above all others . Anyway Hank, I'm hopeful you'll be able to come up with a title for me .  Project idea: the Brotherhood 2 . 0 Book Club .  I'll read a book you suggest if you read a book I suggest . My first suggestion ?  Either  " What is the What, "  by Dave Eggers or  " We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families, "  by Philip Gourevitch . 
